very good family how are you
dear lovers of the heart and lovers
of telesalseo I hope you are
enjoying the weekend I have
to do today because commitments I have to
solve some things I have to
enjoy the family too And
then I'm going to be out today there will be no
live but you already know that this is the
weekly bombshell this is a premiere that we
put here reviewing all the
news of the week so that you do not
lose the context so that
those of you who have to
stay at home for whatever reason are entertained okay
if you are at home without plans you are
alone you need company or whatever well we
put this premiere so that you
are entertained so that you are
enjoying the people of the community
and above all to refresh the
information and have it well updated
so that when the beginning of the
new week arrives and does not catch you off guard there
are not many people who in fact watch the
weekly bombshell and see all the news
of the week here in the weekly bombshell
because they have not seen the news
during the week you know that now
between  salsa apart from doing the
live shows we are uploading excerpts
uploading videos uploading news
uploading the newscasts which are
these videos that I upload daily with the
compilation of news you don't have to
be very attentive and very aware of
telesalseo or even every day when
I'm looking for entertainment instead of
going to the subscriptions tab
go to telesalseo directly and
search for everything that has been uploaded during the
day because many times the
notifications are not enough because we
upload a lot of family content today
some pretty strong news came out I
think it's the news of the weekend
and it is that Carlota corredera and her husband are getting
divorced this is an exclusive that they have
given I don't remember what medium it was
forgive me for not giving credit I always
like to give it But honestly my
saint just slipped to heaven Are
you going to put it in the
comments box or here in the
premiere chat okay But anyway It turns out that
tomorrow we are going to have
exclusive information information that has not yet been
told nor will be told from here tomorrow
about this divorce about this
separation okay Carlota corredera well
apparently she will no longer be with her
husband is not at this moment in his
life so difficult no and so complicated and
with so much lack of work I didn't find out
yesterday that he was working at a radio station
that I didn't even know no I mean imagine the
repercussion that it's having
apart from that okay I was talking to
Marina last night and I don't know what the
[ __ ] excuse me for the expression okay I don't
know what the [ __ ] happened but she told me
that tomorrow she wants to be clear that
tomorrow she wants to be clear about a
series of things and that and that she's going and that she's not
going to hold back okay I don't know very
well I don't know very well what this is about I don't
know very well what's happened in the last
hour okay The truth is I do
n't stop I don't stop I don't stop and I don't stop
receiving uh news blows and from all
sides no so tomorrow Marina here on
her channel will give you gossip Well with total
freedom then she can express herself however she
wants no matter tomorrow we have a
guest tomorrow we have a guest who
is the bomb tomorrow the guest is already confirmed I'm
not going to tell you today I'm
going to tell you tomorrow I'll probably tell you
on Twitter okay like I always
do like this  that follow me on Twitter and
go to the WhatsApp broadcast channel
because I'll be
saying it there tomorrow okay because I don't like to
announce it so many hours in
advance so that's how I have you
pending and nothing family get comfortable you
know that if you like this type of
content and want to be informed of
everything that happens in the world of reason and
the pink press then you have to
subscribe activate the bell and
follow me everywhere okay Javi
Oliveira on Twitter and Instagram and on
Facebook okay guys get comfortable because
a very long newscast is coming let's go
to
[Music]
li the controversial breakup of La Oreja de
bangot continues to be the talk of the town to
this day It seems that according to what
a journalist is now commenting they would have information
that aam Montero is still part of the
parent company of the group because what
this could lead us to understand that Amaya
Montero would still be collecting from the
group throughout the season of Leire
while Leire however is not
part of the company and is self-employed this
is actually quite powerful if it
is confirmed and  This
journalist said on the program as if we
were from yesterday that Leira has been
part of a group that I know is
structured around a company of which
Amaya Montero is the owner and of
which Leira has not been and once Amaya
Montero effectively leaves, the ear
bango is articulated through different
companies and Leira is not part of it being an
employee and not being a shareholder is not a
crime at all but it does
explain that the relationship is not so
curious eh Because for me this would be
CEI because tomorrow you said that you are going to
expand it but if each of the
owners of that company or those who are
part of that company takes
20% and I have been taking it these
years does that mean that Maya Montero has
been earning 20% of these 17 years from Eire
for example from the songs that
Leira has released from the concerts that
Leira has gone to, Leira has continued earning from that
company that she has eh according to Cona and we have to
confirm it, Aa Montero still
has 20% of the shares in
the parent company I would dare  to
say in which the Bang ear is articulated
then the four boys to
simplify it have been creating new
companies in which Maya Montero is not
but in which Leire is not either Leire
is self-employed and has her own company
But yes aa Montero still has a
current company with them therefore she has
been employed nemp with this photo they have
touched the hearts of all the followers
of La que se avecina and Aqu no hay quien
viva you already know that Jos Luis Hill Well he
is in poor health you know that he
is completely retired in fact his
daughter Irene is the one in charge of
managing his networks and well also I think
that his visits on this occasion we see
that the actor Fernando Tejero Whoever was
the concierge not the concierge of that
apartment in which Jos Luis was
the president of the community well they have
seen each other again and look Hey What a
tender photo no and And what a reunion
Nacho Cano continues with his controversial
judicial jud trying to solve all the
problems and meanwhile he returns to
attack the government of Pedro
Snchez watch out because Nacho Cano
would even drop  the possibility that they
were deceiving us with the votes
also recriminates Pedro Snchez and his
government and well, his entire party, for not
being in close relations with the
government of Nicols Maduro, going after him and
destroying him and that's why everyone is
scared and they manipulate everything and they manipulate
everything and they have surely manipulated the
elections because they manipulate everything and if this is
happening somewhere, I am a lawyer, I
am committing a crime, I am
going to have a complaint for saying this,
freedom of expression, I have freedom of
expression, thank goodness I have one left. I
trust people and I am
convinced that there will be judges who, as
people, will have common sense to
assess what is happening, trust in
this government, zero, zero, no less, zero, you
just have to see Whose
friends are Maduro and they send
Zabateri well, but how can you be so
shameless if the opposition has clearly won,
everyone knows it,
Venezuelans are suffocating, suffocating, it's
a shitty country, like Venezuela
when these people weren't there and it was
wonderful, there would be poor people and there would be rich people.
Oh, it's that there are only poor people and they know
why  I'm not going to go into
politics I'm not going to go into
politics because music
never fools me with a song I
can't fool you if you feel it it's because
I've felt that feeling and I
make you feel it seems to me a much
purer art much more noble and the one that I will leave
and my songs will continue singing
when Pedro Snchez comes out nobody will
remember him remember him it's to
say that he destroyed this country
today we were surprised with the
news of who will be
this weekend's guest on Friday and the
truth is that they are
working hard it's not something that is going to go
unnoticed she is ready to
destroy her mother and if she doesn't come
ready or she tells me that she doesn't
intend to Well the truth is that I doubt it
after hearing the tone in which she is
going to speak we are talking about Isa p
who has made such strong expressions
like saying that her mother after
adopting her abandoned her like a dog I am
surprised by this intervention But I
imagine that well on
Friday's program you know they pay very well and well
at these moments  isapi is
studying So I
imagine that with this she'll be able to keep going
as far as she needs to or until she has to
talk again or something like
that. Tell me in the
comments box what you expect to happen about
this interview that's going to be so
talked about. I had to hit my head against a
wall to understand that she's not going to be there. It's
as if I'd lost a mother for the
second time. What serious event is there for
her to not want to know anything about me? She
adopted me and like someone who abandons, she's not even
a
[Music]
dog. You know that Alba Carrillo isn't
exactly Ana Rosa Quintana's best friend
and that every chance she gets, she
throws a sack at her. She wanted to take advantage of her
participation in an interview she
gave for the program It's Already Friday in
which she has mentioned some pretty strong things
about Ana Rosa. I would say that some of them are
too much, but well, play it by
yourselves. You would make her a
poisoned cupcake. Uh. There are a lot, Ana Rosa. See you
later. Mari Carmen destroys afternoons, she
's an emotional terrorist. I couldn't have
described it better. I like it. Hire you for
my second book like
she did. You pay your workers, of
course not. Oh, okay, okay, then yes,
soon  you will be in stockings in the afternoons of the
month Javier serii is a presenter
who presents here on YouTube a
heart program more or less like
ours called chisme no like I would
say that at the moment it is the channel
with the largest audience, in other words, it is ent, it is the one
of not even if we were and they are there
approximately they usually have the same
audience 12 13 14,000 viewers
live no and they talk about things of the heart
yes it is true that they Javier ciani
in
chim no Live well they deal with topics maybe William Evi of Shakira anyway They are in North America Javier has also collaborated on slvame on many occasions when he has been in Spain and It seems that he does not have a good memory of Beln Esteban yesterday on the program not even if we were they
made a connection with Javier to
talk about the subject of PF Daddy when
suddenly he has hooked up with Beln
Esteban a Beln Esteban who has not
let herself be trampled on By the way and nevertheless
Javier has been very offensive with her
in one of these even Javier has gotten
involved or has  insinuated Well yes he has
messed with Beln Esteban's physique
claiming that maybe she wouldn't fit in his
car Oh well And where is a cloth Well there is
a person who is in Los Angeles
waiting for us okay Excuse me eh I'm going to
clean myself Javier waiting no but I've been
waiting since Hollywood for this
lady to find the cup really that she's
already buying the cup eh calm down I say
Well Put it in your mouth How How that you
put it in your mouth and that you drink whatever you
want to drink I that I put it in my
mouth We have to talk about something serious
Of course I put it in my mouth
careful with the comments eh that I do
n't disrespect you in life okay
No no I know already go Go hang out with
Lidia Lozano if you want no I'll hang out
Of course I hang out with my
friends some problem some problem No
you are very very nice very nice
and very fake Well more than you yes more than
you yes with me don't make a mistake eh with me don't make a
mistake because with you I have
never made a mistake nor do I
disrespect you so I ask you The  same to me
excuse me and excuse me forgive me excuse me
because it's true that I was looking for my
taz and you were in the United
States it's not the world is falling apart
you're looking for one to address me in those
manners okay So
by the way what a great car you have
son thanks it's it's a last
generation ship but to take Beln for a walk
when she comes here I don't know if it fits but
Goodbye you're very offensive I'm going I'm going
I want them said I don't know if it fits you know what happens when I go to Los Angeles I have someone who passes me you find out rude but you know who's to blame it's the address that allows you to speak the way you speak to people okay you know and I'll repeat it again in
life I have never disrespected you in life
the other way around when you had that problem with
Lidia in Miami I went with you to talk
too or have you forgotten it has
frozen Well that's it no but it
seems to me that the address is missing
sincerely it's that I don't tell Vero what I have to
say one is responsible what
seems total to me But oh well it doesn't matter He
's not reading a guide that  that's it, it's not
the truth, it's that I. Look, I'm a
girl who loves to play on TV, but a
lot, but if she knows, it's
best if these things are allowed.
Honestly, loen, the one who has been
portrayed has been portrayed, it doesn't matter, he has been
portrayed just the same,
rude, I don't care, you're right, ual, you're
right, you're right, but this. This doesn't matter to me.
Now, tomorrow they can
call him again to come in. Tomorrow they can
call him again to come in because
when I go to the United States, I have
what I love most to come to me and I'm
very proud that I'm going, not with a guy.
Shameless like this gentleman who only
knows how to be disrespectful. First, Liria
Lozano. Second, for me to say that I'm going to
get a cup, it's been so serious.
Marta Riesco also got hooked up
with Kiko Matamoro. Marta Riesco was
covering the Forbes awards, she
was there making statements,
interviews, and so on. When she had
a
confrontation with Kiko Matamoro at the least expected moment, Kiko
Matamoros wouldn't have liked Marta to
mention the other one.  Marta to
Kiko's wife and she would have been really angry
telling her not to mention my family
but however Marta has reminded
Kiko that he often mentions
Marta's partner too therefore they would be
in the same conditions
there social networks girl to me what
interests me is the audience not
social networks well Okay then man through
social networks you dedicate yourself to your whole
family inu your wife then Imagine
if you
sop family of lases that you take my wife out
of the equation that I don't talk about your
family because I don't talk about your family
But if you just named my
partner if you told him about
my partner's olives always to
offend him you talk about my partner to
offend him with the olives if I
returned the same to you talking about your wife
come on
yb you are used to and not receiving
because I allow it there is by the way
a small comparison that they are
publishing on social networks about the
audiences of not even if we were And yes it
is true man that they are striking let's
see eh a  I don't know why
so many people have switched to the TV. Look,
500,600,000 views, okay, they had it on
its premiere day, the first day, 24,000
likes, and today they're at 3,700 likes
and 115,000 views. The truth is that it
's a major drop, eh. At the moment it
's not confirmed, but there's a rumor
that Juanjo and Martn have separated,
even though there are a lot of people in the
community notes trying to deny
this. No, Javi de Hoyo, this is not the first
time he's spread this hoax. Juanjo and
Martn are still together, no, according to this
link, Juanjo would have posted something on the
WhatsApp Channel that would deny this
news, but the truth is that Javi de
Hoyo has brought a witness who would affirm
that the breakup is real. Yesterday I was in a
new cafeteria having a coffee and I
found Martin and Ruslana who
were there. Martin was in drama mode because he
had broken up with Juanjo and Ruslana
started to tell him that he couldn't get
involved anymore, that she was friends with both of them, but  I
was comforting him what was he saying
Martin Mar was saying all the time Ruslana
please talk to Juanjo he thinks I've
been unfaithful to him and it's a lie Juanjo
thinks that Martin has been unfaithful to him and they
were there in drama mode the truth is that
what I interpreted is that Martin and
Juanjo are not together today and it's
true that what I perceived is that
Martin was asking Ruslana for help
so that he could talk to Juanjo and that they
could fix things between them because
Martin I heard that he still loves
Juan h and is still in love with
Juan watch out because it could also have been
a fight and that in the end it was
resolved or whatever
today no one is talking about anything else other than
the death of lian pain you know
member of the famous and
popular group of the previous decade One
Direction You're going to have Eh well if you don't
have it yet surely by the time
this video is uploaded a more complete video on
my main channel Javi oliveira
look for it okay There you're going to have it I
recorded it this morning it will come out more or less at
the same time as this newscast So go to
look for it and if you don't see it Well, it's because it hasn't
come out yet but we'll probably go
Yes, yesterday the singer fell supposedly
from the third floor of the hotel where he was
staying in Buenos Aires And
the reasons for his
fall are still unknown, the truth is that it's strange that he
fell Because those hotels usually have
a lot of security measures and a lot of
controls so that this doesn't happen as an
accident and then what would fit is that
for some reason He had
mental health problems apparently he was
very, very high, he was causing trouble he
was very aggressive he had been
causing trouble in the hotel for several days There are people who
say that he might have tried to jump from
his room to the pool because he
thought the truth would come out eh I find him
very crazy because I've been
checking the distances from the hotel, the
pool, the rooms and so on and the
pool is very far away But well,
we'll see what they say But what
is true is that the room
appeared completely broken into pieces because
the guy started breaking everything,
shoveling drugs around in the middle, in other
words, a tremendous ally this audio that you're
going to hear below belongs
to the manager  from the hotel at that time
Calling the authorities because this
man was very aggressive and the
hotel workers didn't
dare restrain him do what he wanted to stop
or whatever and on the way that the
authorities were going to the hotel to see
what was happening, Liam Pain appeared
dead where is the emergency
Hello 91 where is the emergency Hello good
afternoon Look, I'm calling you from the Hotel
Casa Sur Palermo which is in Costa Rica
6032 6032 is between Arevalo and Cramer yes
correct between Arevalo and Dorreo I think it's
good nothing we have one who is
over the top with drugs and is destroying
the entire room So we need
someone to come I understand
then he tells me that
escio Sir repeat the name of the
hotel please please
sir impressive because this is beginning to
reinforce with
increasing plausibility the hypothesis of
substance use he says it openly est
who speaks is Esteban gra the
hotel manager at that moment and I presume almost
asking for help because I presume that there must
be another audio that must be the
later correct the first audio speaks
of a person in an
excited situation  psychomotor at a station
person was breaking the room
from outside I heard they couldn't
calm him down they called the police but they didn't They called
for a death they called for the
police to attend and eventually go to the same
yard situ and control the situation pay attention to
this thing about Alejandra Rubio because it has been
to pull your mustache hairs
Alejandra Rubio only has one
obligation to know the latest
news in the life of Terelu Campos
Carmen Borrego and Jos Mara Almoguera
in order to be able to say something coherent in the
10 minutes that she participates before the end
of the program because it seems that not even that
which I have approved that of an exclusive
is completely false because what he
tells me is that he does it because he wants to
buy a house because he wants
sponsors for something of his
motorcycles and such and I tell him Well if
my advice is worth anything to you It's that you're not going to
get sponsors It's nothing
selling your mother on television because she
has them eh what he has gotten
motocross motorcycle contracts yes he has
a contract and in addition the
presentation has been made but of all Man for
money for it has already happened in others
occasions but the
controversy over the issue of conguitos resurfaces
as I told you this controversy already existed
a few years ago and it seems that
some people with
progressive ideologies consider it
disrespectful to black people to
keep this candy It seems that
as the advertisement was about a tribe of
chubby black people that we
ended up eating Because they were
chocolate, well it has offended many people
and they want and ask for it immediately The
withdrawal from the market of this product and
then details of political correctness
that are wonderful in the bar of the
parliament of Catalonia they have withdrawn the
product conguitos because as
you know eh the ball of conguito which by the
way is very good it has as if it
were the face of a little black boy that of
the gentleman the whole life the conguitos is a
product born in Zaragoza whose company
bought the house after its success
having created the lacasitos the
conguitos were founded in
1961 and the house bought it in
1987 I was two years old Today there is a
very interesting article by Luis Chacn
El diario de Sevilla that says well that
the Chinese flan is being prepared because Of course what do
we do with the Chinese flan? Listen to the
dark chocolate, this will have to be
fixed, it will have to be called something else
and the Swiss roll here What are
we doing with the gypsies with their
arms of obviously I imagine that they would
not have the intention of offending
anyone or making fun of or belittling
anyone for their ethnicity, race or nationality and
Carlos Herrera has been very critical and
forceful with this situation on his
radio show and the potatoes how poor
this is that they are of Poverty
pointing it out like this or or the drunken sponge cake
listen that the alcon himself look at
this is the imbecility of
political correctness Authentic imbeciles of
political correctness that have no
limits these days we are going to start to see
how we name these
products again, come on, the franchino has its
days numbered the controversy of Isa p with
the interview this weekend on
the Friday show has generated a lot of
controversy has raised a lot of [ __ ] and I
think it will be giving us something to talk about
for a long time we do not know yet
if Isabel Pantoja  is going to say something
publicly but these are the first
statements by isap at a station
when she has been asked about the subject
to free you or has she
left you or I mean I'm a little exhausted
because it's been like really hard but I'm
really going to try Today yes I mean I'm already
planning to get on the train and enjoy
this week calmly and nothing I
imagine that as we know from what they've
said that she has seen the program Your
mother it could be a wake-up call the
bottom line is that maybe now Yes Now
wake up what I haven't done until now I'm
not going to say anything else because I don't
want to repeat the same thing she has a very good
heart and deep down if she calls you you're
going to forgive her well the interview She has decided
to say precisely that I don't
want that I mean she doesn't want to
call me but I don't want them to
call me anymore nor do I want them to look for me or anything
eh I've accepted it and also this is what is
really the best apart from this later
on her program isapi that you already know that she
works in the mornings on tele5 with
Joaqun prat she has stated that it makes her very
sad that her mother has  indifference
towards her and never answer, the only thing
missing would be for Isabel Pantoja to start
answering her so that the girl the
following weekend
sits again on Friday of your brother You
expected it This victimhood I don't know what That's it I'm not going to
say anything else what
tells you anything but a lot of encouragement that she doesn't want it to be
bad and And that's good that there
she is that in part Well then you have
thank God you have sweet cases like a
second third mother for
you s I have Dulce friends and nothing the
truth is a lot of love from everyone they have
empathized with me a lot they have
understood me and they have sent me a lot a lot
in these
days this brings us even closer
fam Well yes well yes eh Thank you very much
the truth is that it has
seemed tremendous to me but I have
mixed feelings about the fight between
both of them I think that surely on both
sides there will be things that have been done wrong
and things that have been done right tell me
you guys in the comments box who you
are on the side of you already know that Antonio
Rossi is usually the one who brings the exclusives
that come from the Pantoja Clan and
on this occasion it has been no less Antonio
Ross  has commented that Isabel Pantoja
was interested in this interview but it
seems that her brother wouldn't let her
see it for her own good it's understood or she saw the
interview if she was interested she locked herself in
her room in Cantora because she couldn't
see it well Agusn didn't allow it and if he was
interested I can prove that he was interested
Sorry you said that Agusn didn't allow it
to begin with encantadora yy tele encantadora there is
television at least there is still television on agn does it have
electricity because they cut it off
Agustn has the remote locked it has
Agustn is in control the truth is
that the interview was quite painful
considering that there is talk of
racism classism practically very hard
because Isabel
Pantoja is being accused of having treated
this daughter differently for being adopted and
not biological and also from another country but
no she locked herself in her room and became
interested and I can tell you that I can
prove that she was interested and that's it and from
then on she didn't flinch at
all it arrived on Saturday as
planned well It was planned to arrive on
Winter it finally arrived on Saturday and she didn't
flinch no  there is no atism
atism of concern of worry
gesture of absolutely nothing the
singer has not shown any kind
of reaction and has continued with her life I
think that in part she is also already
assumed that the children sit on
television and give her a hard time and when it is not
a child it is a cousin It is
any couple an ex-worker
whatever they received her and it has been as
if nothing had ever happened and everything
that what she is going to do now this week
which is above all the
health problems of raising all the stories
of the transfer and everything else all the
medical visits that she has and everything else
that starts now if I am not normal as if
nothing nothing Quique Calleja thinks that
Isabel Pantoja was bothered by the
interview and I think that for that it is not
necessary to have a lot of exclusive I think that it is
obvious without knowing the reaction of Isabel
Pantoja and Sapi affirms that one of the
things that bothers him the most on his
mother's part is precisely this The
indifference surprises you Isa, that
attitude on your mother's part no, it does not
surprise me but I It is true that I said that I do
not want her to call me anymore that it is
an approach on my part because already  I have
set a limit, I'm not going to lie and it's that
perhaps what hurts me the most of all
is that I don't have any response, it
weighs That obviously I didn't expect it as
the intro was saying all the
media and all the
gossip programs above all have echoed
this interview and have commented on
ISAP's statements many
famous presenters and journalists
as well as friends of the family have
spoken about it in
last night's live we were commenting on
some of these examples in El Corrillo I
recommend that you watch the live we
did last night in El Corrillo with
Teleindiscreta with Alazne with FJ
commenting on some And in this one I'm going to
give you others for example the presenter
Jordi Gonzlez has sent a strong
message to Isabel Pantoja accusing
Isabel of having made this adoption
simply on a whim Isabel
Pantoja I tell you from the heart I don't
understand really it's not understood sorry
but it's that you are very strange I think that he was
adopted on a whim because he did not
follow any conventional adoption protocol
remember Peru Fujimori who
was that dictator that you have in Peru who
was ridiculous plus his power but  friend of
Isabel Pantoja she went to sing in Peru
and came back with a little girl
Bajoo is very long and weight that an
adoption conven that is why an
adoption process is a long process it is a
process that has to go through several
stages why Because you have to be
completely sure of the capacity and
the will of the parents to have a
child Ana Rosa Quintana in her program by
directly exploded against Isabel
Pantoja this of what we are going to talk about
now I believe that it cannot be fixed and
above all it is not forgiven by God How
can this be done with a creature that has
already had the misfortune of being in an
orphanage How can you not care for love and
protect a girl that you have adopted I
believe that these are the worst things that I have
seen done because what gives you
security in life is having been
loved or being loved as a child or that
your parents love you Ana Rosa Quintana
reminds Isabel Pantoja that her daughter
had this second chance in life
and that she came from a place where they did not
treat her well when the only person you
have that is your mother does not love you it
is a pain it is a pain that is what we
saw on Friday in Isa  pandoja
really please lady who has a
daughter who has a grandson okay enough enough already
make this creature suffer who
has done nothing more than have the misfortune
of being born in a place where they didn't
want her to adopt her in a place where
at first they should have wanted her but
then it got in their way okay Okay Chayo
moedano for her part has been a little more
empathetic with Isabel Pantoja and comments on the
situation that the tornad yera has with
her children and it is that you already know that at every
moment they are making covers selling
and crushing their mother that this is not that she
is very well either no I did not see isapi I did not
see her but I would be lying to you if I did not tell you
that I have seen some videos of her
for me sincerely Well of course
I empathize with her pain you can see that she
misses her family that she misses
Yes of course and I can believe it Of course
yes and I can also believe that she is
happy today because her
child is healthy because she is in love and she
is accompanied by someone who
loves her but that does not mean that she does not want to
be with her family or
[Applause]
knowing what she's going to think it's become
fashionable to speak ill of mothers
just for money out of shame Jo is that we do
n't know the situation I mean it's
complicated eh It's true that then
once you let off steam and you're exposed
everyone has the right to an opinion and it
's true that Isabel has been an
easy target eh for [ __ ]
many years so she already carries
a very very large backpack of
public pain and you have to know that you have to
put yourself in each person's shoes and see
why she's acting this way eh it's very
complicated it's very complicated but
yes you see a lot of suffering on all
sides and I don't like seeing people suffer I do
n't like it I personally there
is one fact that has caught my
attention and it's an audio that
Alejandro Albal published of a fight he had
when he was either with ISAP or he was
breaking up with her in which we can
hear how ISAP threatens him with calling
the police and falsely using the
gender violence law to accuse him
of abuse while he had never
touched a hair but that  I felt
very angry And since I was very angry
Well, I was going to call the police to
file a false complaint, practically
pu You have to come back I call the
police saying that this man has
touched a hair on my head and he has never touched a single
finger of mine, never in his [ __ ] life has he ever
touched a finger of mine If I do it it's because I
'm sorry and furious and
sorry and all because I'm not angry
and that's it and he has never touched a finger of mine, of course
this, uh, could be a
specific moment like we were talking about yesterday in
El Corrillo But honestly, it makes me
think and it creates a certain
distrust towards the person and sapi I
think that it has already been heard very well,
perfect in total V I am that it has
left me very shocked in case it is not
clear She says that she calls the
police because she is angry but that in
her life this man, that is to say Alejandro
Alvar has never touched a hair on her head I don't know what
you all think if you want to take this
into account but what I think is that
obviously no one has any
choice but to empathize with isap If everything
that is  telling is it true the
question is Is it all true as it is or
are there nuances because I think we are not going to
hear the mother's version or at
least for a very long time she says it through
tears she says it through tears at a
moment when it is clear that she is being
sincere because it is a moment Diego
Arabal is now doing a program
with Miguel early on YouTube if I am not
mistaken they broadcast Tuesdays and Thursdays and
evidently as it could not be
otherwise they have dealt with this subject Miguel
early on this occasion has sent a
very forceful message to Mara del
Monte And the thing is that many people think the
same as Miguel that at this moment is
when Mara del Monte should take a
position or at least speak out
there are people who say that
a rapprochement could even happen but we will
see Miguel early sends a
forceful message to Mara del Monte don't
talk don't tell anything grab her by the
arm that girl needs it You alone
say goodbye to all of them
349 people right now live Well
nothing dear friends of the tribe today I
think we have put
something very important on the table a great program today a great
program that I think will be a
perfect program  because we have had time to talk
about serious and painful things and I'm
left with important things like that
comment that I made to Maria
de Monte about don't talk don't tell anything
but grab her grab her arm and
put her in your lap that girl
needs it also Miguel
gave Isabel Pantoja a warning early on
about the Malaya case having said that
and moving on from the sycophants we have left
something very important very high and that is that
Isabel Pantoja I don't think
her life or her way of acting will change much because of the
decisions that her daughter has made But be
careful with the Malaya issue because it's
very close to you and if you haven't finished
tying up all the loose ends before leaving
Cantora you might get a surprise
justice continues
before we mentioned the live broadcast of
Chayo Moedano and now we're going to
put another excerpt again And it's that Chayo keeps
remembering some ugly things that jore
Javier would have done to her and her
family it's just logical you force me to
talk Well then on top of that you make me
choose one price another well Sorry to
tell you  [ __ ] shovels and on top of that making the
bed it's going to be that she doesn't say save Hi
gorgeous, you talk so well man it's that
Who makes money off
other people's stories The press is like that Who likes to
stir up trouble Who likes to
investigate I mean It doesn't matter if you've
sold an exclusive It doesn't matter if they're
interested Even if you haven't
sold any exclusives they're going to screw you
What happened to Pantoja's friend I don't
even know her name Looks like me because
they've made her out to be Pantoja's friend
That woman has never made anything more
than a statement to say I want to go find
out Oysters they've followed her
everywhere everywhere Who
made money off that story Come on
man cho remember a
specific episode that Jorge Javier at the time
blamed Mila from heaven but
nevertheless Chayo Thinks something else
those who know the least are the ones who
talk the most Well I remember JJ with A
boa of my aunt Roco coming out of a
stage That was sent to me and it
fell on her The atreus It fell on her then she
said it had been
Mila I'm telling you no that was the  Jury
who said you're not going to put
a voice of mine again, let's be clearer water the
truth is that it is quite evident that
Chayo moedano wants absolutely
nothing good for J Javier Vzquez and does not
have any good memories about him
natis sisa I am very well What a lack of
respect that was, let's go, I was hallucinating the
truth many followers of Chayo
moedano in the chat affirmed that it is
very good of Chayo to send
these messages to these people because what they
did to her is nameless
you did well to withdraw from all that
garbage from tele5 very well of course but I had to
sue I had to sue because it is that in
addition I felt super powerless and I
lost some lawsuits and I
lost some lawsuits because according to the judge of course
I played the same game and when they
told me that knowing that it was a lie I
said my God what can await
my children I did not want my children to
suffer I will always say what I
suffered So yes I retired and happy with
life so that for the money to go
to someone who really knows nothing,
then it is better to go to the person who really
has the problem so that they fall  so that
others can take it For that I'll take it
man I think that yes it is more there is one
thing that makes me very see when she
tells me to dedicate myself to something else and not to live off
your aunt Rocio my aunt Rocio
unfortunately has been dead for many many years
my son is 15
years old he did not know her how many people do not know her
or have any dealings with her and she
does television programs and on top of that they
sit down saying oh I once I
once met her a wonderful
e eh an artist once I met
her and they sit on a plate and they are
paying a little more or less they are paying and
I say this person has met
my aunt Rocio once and you can see with she
thinks she has the right to and me and I that the thing is that I
am super lucky because she has
loved me no longer it's that I adore her
today it's that she loved me in life she
loved me very much and I'm not going to be able to talk
about her come on man We are crazy
We are crazy Well yes we are crazy this
tet de toi Moreno is being talked about a lot
on social networks and  it's
costing a lot hate I don't usually comment on
these topics but since Friday I have
a knot that tightens my soul you feel like
hugging her, loving her and
calling that mother and saying lady, I don't
know what could have been so serious
that you don't want to know anything about your daughter, a
lot of people are criticizing Toni
Moreno for the supposed double
standard for the Roo Carrasco and his daughter issue
and now with the Isabel Pantoja and her
daughter issue, which seems to be treating it
differently although I think they are
very different cases and it's not like they
have anything to do with each other, absolutely nothing to do with each other,
we're talking about an
adoption issue, we're talking about, well,
very different things. But anyway, it's
being canceled, what do you think?
Mara Patio gave an interview on
the network on the program El Faro and
gave some good moments of her
childhood. For me, that's what I value. Aha,
a lot now, but also. It's true that
I enjoyed it a lot because I am very
shy and very withdrawn, being with my
grandfather or my grandmother or riding. My
grandfather was also one of the last
artisans of cow carts that he made by
hand and I  I would ride eh when I was collecting
the grass that covered me in bugs and I
always came back with a thousand blisters and a thousand
bites I would ride on the grass
and and I and I would take the cows to
graze and I remember there I fell in love
for the first time with a Venezuelan when I was
a little girl my first fights with my
friends I don't know the truth is that it's a stage
and my grandmother left a huge mark on me my grandmother
my grandmother Lola Lola you would say that could
be a definition of happiness
those summers of kisses I don't know what
happiness is but I definitely know that I did
n't suffer because I have been a
long-suffering person and back then I didn't suffer I didn't
compete And
above all I had a feeling of probably one of the very few times I've been able to feel I don't know it's the village in fact the three of us are three brothers and we kept that that house the television factory that is now called manufacturers as you know has published this trailer in which it is implied that
very soon on the ten channel they are going to
publish something similar to a documentary
people on the networks due to some words
that they said and some clues that  they have
given in the program as if we were they have
understood that it could be a
documentary about the closing of slvame and
everything that they supposed is going to
interest you a lot for different
reasons Lidia well because she
has it in her blood above all because it is an
episode that is about to be given shape by by by to
analyze by to discover and
knowing you also it is an episode
that is far away for us but at the same
time eh not so far away after for you
because it is really going to close a
stage of your life that you have not lived but
that you who also have blood in your
veins is going to be very interested in and
then me who am super morbid apart
from curious the two things are mixed but
that it was a very ambiguous matter at the
time and it must be clarified it is an issue
that was left that has not been told everything that has to be
told it is like
we have talked about it but in a way
as if so you know but there is crumb
there and also ten has dared to take a
step forward and you think that whatever it is is
going to make a lot lot lot of echo in
the media yes it is  I
'm telling you it's
a fundamentally historical journalistic topic
fundamentally
linked to our country So there will be
a before and after not that there is a
before and after but since it
's a fact that we have narrated very
briefly there will be talk there will be talk with
great clarity about a murky episode that they
wanted to close the file on why I don't
know after a long time finally
Gerard Piqu has broken his silence on
the subject of his separation from Shakira
not that it has been very extensive the
truth is that I would love it at some
point he would do a
more detailed interview you know everything that was
said it was said that Shakira cheated on her
in addition not only that she cheated on her but
that she cheated on her in her house while
Shakira was working and that's how his
relationship with Clara Shia began the footballer
now owner of King Leith with Ibai has
expressed how happy he is
with Clara Shia and has also pointed out the
media for not having told things
as they are the media in the
end control the message and in
general terms well each one says what
one wants to sell But  in the end the
truth or what happens or what happens
many times no no no it is not told
The way this has been I can't
control it I have always believed that the
best thing is that in the end I am
surrounded by my people, by my family, by
my friends uh by the people who
really know you and know How you
are and what you do And that gives me a lot of
peace of mind yesterday from the Corrillo we
were also commenting on the subject of
Mario Vaquerizo that you already know that in
Cceres giving a concert with the Nancy
Rubias he climbed a platform that turned over he got
dizzy and fell from the
stage a fall of 2 m that has
caused him some fractures in some
vertebrae the consequences the truth is
that they have been very painful and very
spectacular especially yesterday We were
watching the video Mario Vaquerizo speaking
at the exit of the hospital attending the
media and on this occasion Well he made
a connection with the Ana Rosa program
to comment a little How he feels
now calmer from his home
grateful and excited because the truth
Nar Rosas is that I have been reborn the
episode that I went through  Saturday was
very, very serious and all the
doctors and nurses who have treated me
divinely have told me at all
times that I have been very lucky
because a bad fall can play
many bad tricks on you if it had been either staying
in place or staying theurgic.
And yes, it is true that the image has
generated many memes on the internet. I hope
that Mario Vaquerizo, and I think it will be, does
not take it badly. You know that he is a
person with a great sense of humor.
I am sad because at no
time was it any imprudence. I have been
performing with that girauto which is that
kind of circle that goes around
throughout this summer throughout Spain.
The security measures were all
perfect. It has been a
slightly traumatic experience for me. I had never
lost consciousness. I woke up in the
middle of the dressing room. Afterwards, I had a
guardian angel who was the boy who
forced me to go to the hospital because I said
that I was fine, I was in a state
of shock and the man who told me that for
poolo I had to go there. Mario has
explained how he feels and how spectacular
the fall was. How it happened and what
consequences it had  for him they
did scans on me everything was fine in my
head but the problem is that I'm starting to
not see and I lost my vision too
and that's the moment when I
really became aware of how serious
this warm has been, not like
cerebral motion, I don't have any trauma, it
hasn't affected my
brain at all, the top part of my
head is crazy that I have that I don't know what it's
called and what I do have are fractures
in the vertebrae I have small fissures
in vertebra number four number se In
addition, Alaska also wanted to
participate in this intervention and has
commented How she felt after the
scare And it seems that Alaska wasn't
in Spain at the time of the
fall and had to return in those
conditions my illness is
not that bad Look, he's moving
more than he should be in bed it
was horrible because I wasn't in
Spain and returning in those circumstances
is always complicated not being here but
well, we are here we are
together unfortunately there is a lot, a
lot of time left for Mario eh Although I
don't believe it unfortunately not for what they
endure  How long do you have to wear this
rigid c? Do I have to
redo both my head and
neck, undergo a lot of eye surgery, all of
that? Fortunately, I can talk and I
can see you with my people. This is what I
want to take, but my wife won't let me. The
Med. I would say what
happens when your father dies at
96 years old. Do you know the causes of death?
But well, due to his age, well, I understand
that it's a more or less natural death or
ailments, that's what there is. 96
years is an outrage, it's almost a century, so
at least I hope that, all things
considered, it was a
death in which the man didn't
suffer too much, a hard loss for Berting
of bne in hard times, you know that
right now he has a somewhat
hectic life with everything that's happening
with his new fatherhood, with the situation
with Gabriel Ag Guillem and apparently
this man Enrique Ortiz Lpez
Valdemoro who once married an
heiress, pay attention, he's a descendant of the
founders of the famous Cruz
Campo brewery.  here in Seville in 1904 Well the
man was a Count, he was a Count and it is a
title that apart from the large inheritance
apparently that he left the family to
Bertin and his brothers, which is not calculated
How much it is but it is said that it is a lot, which
is quite a lot, well Bertin Osborne is going to
inherit, he has to confirm it
apparently he has 5 years to confirm it, the
title of Count of Donadio de Casola
Well, a title of great historical weight
Although symbolic today it does not
serve much purpose but well, simply
to continue the family tradition and
keep it family eh from here all our
condolences to Bertin of Borner, sending a
big hug to the whole family and
our condolences the
morning program is covering the trial of the
victim Samuel, you know that he was a
young gay man who was murdered by a
pack of kids, let's call it that,
with whom he had a confrontation and a
fight in a nightclub and it is being
judged if apart from being murder, it was
murder with cruelty, a
hate crime. I was really struck by
this clip from the morning program  where
Adela Gonzalez and her fellow
collaborators were questioning the
work of the judge not only the
work of the judge but also the
work of the prosecutor and those who were
there asking the question by asking
if Samuel looked homosexual
they have become a little populist for
my taste in the sense of questioning the
judges when they are doing their
job as if that question could not be asked
as if that question were
offensive Of course we
agree that a homosexual does not have to
have a specific appearance it
may be clichs But there are
times when yes by
appearance you can see that a person
is homosexual it is not an offense It's
okay and everyone dresses and speaks
as they want but it is true that there are
many times when the gestures are more
feminine the way of speaking is also more
feminine even the way of dressing maybe
tighter more like this more like that and there are
many occasions in which a
gay person Well, it is noticeable in appearance
this does not mean that by
obligation if you are homosexual you have to
put on a gay appearance or have to
wear some type of clothing
You can do whatever you want there
are many  people who don't but
practically here the professionals
are doing their job because they are
investigating whether it was a murder as
such or a murder aggravated by a
hate crime the hate crime occurs
when an aggression in this case
insults can also be
provoked by discrimination So
the kid would have been killed for
being homosexual that they have attacked
the kid because he was homosexual for me
the truth is that criticizing this Well, I don't
know the truth is that I have not understood it
much it seemed to me a bit of
populism no and to do a little bit
of the Political Movement here using
this case to say stupid things like this
and what we have to do is trust in
justice also there are many allusions
to whether he seemed homosexual is what
the defense of both
Diego Montaa and Katy Silva is trying to refute that their
two clients did not insult They did not say
sea to Samuel Luis and A moment
of great tension was generated in the courtroom and
also on social networks that the
people who are following the trial
because as we are going to hear right now
Diego Montaa's defense asked
both Lina and Vanessa the person
who was with Samuel that night and the
person who was on the other end of the
phone if by the way
Samuel was dressed he looked homosexual and
Lina and Vanessa got quite angry
listen man does that
person think that that clothing his appearance is
homosexual that person's appearance to you
gives him the appearance of being homosexual
seeing a person with a
white t-shirt and pants or light colored pants the
appearance no pi then the gestures No I
'm asking you about appearance first
of clothing I don't want you to
interpret my questions simply
answer look at Samuel's physical appearance
his gestures his voice could give to
understand that he could be homosexual How do I
answer? He had a sweet voice a
feminine voice for me I don't know no there is
no appearance for that the judge at
no time has said that a
homosexual has to have
clothing, an appearance or anything like that
my goodness please forgive
forgive it's that we are uh we are
hallucinating and in shock a sweet voice a
voice what about but what are you talking about
clichs what are you talking about if he
has a penny if he doesn't have a penny that if
homosexuals in a way seriously What are
we in 2024 no the judge and the prosecutor
are trying  find out if
the crime was committed out of hate or because they are
criminals, what they say on
social media is that they are a thermometer, not the most
important one nor the one that determines
absolutely anything, but they are a
thermometer regarding the attitude of the judge
on the road, the editorial staff, precisely
this morning I was reading an article, I
don't remember the author right now, in
La Voz de Galicia And I was saying, Alo, we're
discussing at the table what appearance a
homosexual person should have, do they have to
wear a skirt, do they have to wear
makeup, do they have to have a feather and this is what
Vanessa and Lina were saying in the
provincial courtroom, they said, I do
n't know how to answer this because I don't
know what appearance a
homosexual person should have. I can
insult you, but I can insult you without
knowing that you are gay or without knowing that you
are whatever you really are. It's just that
nowadays they take anything as an offense
and on top of that, they're acting super indignant,
no. Oh my God, we're very scared, it
's 2024, girl. Of course,
people, whatever their orientation,
can wear whatever they want and
look however they want.  it would be
missing more but we can't deny that
there are times when a person, even if they are
straight, can have a
homosexual appearance. Hey, maybe he
likes to wear very short shirts
with his hbg exposed. I know, it's a clich, not
clich, whatever you want, but yes, it
is like this. This Espsito went to the
Broncano La Revuelta program yesterday and he has
stirred up the panorama a bit. You know,
this Expsito is very popular
because she is very pretty, but yesterday something
quite peculiar happened and it is being
talked about a lot on social media today. And it is that, well, no,
the truth is that it was noticeable on her face
that she had done something. Maybe it was a little
exaggerated, people are comparing her
to Carmen Lomana with Carmen de Mairena. Let's
see, this girl, if I'm not mistaken,
is under 30 years old, she had
beautiful facial features, I mean, she is very cute, but it
is true that this has been damaged. It is
usually this. I don't know if it is the
case or some type of allergy, but it is usually the
effect of having sneaked in
hyaluronic acid. Let's see. I hope that as the
months go by it will go down
and  take it off and don't do it again
please don't
touch anything people on social media haven't
stopped sharing clips comparing
the face she had before with the one she
has now don't [ __ ] with me what must be
going through
a woman like Ester Expsito's head to want to
change her face this was her a few
years ago nothing this is resistance
okay anton David flores has made a
small Well a small well small let's
see he has reproached both
Gloria Camila and Jos Ortega Cano
especially Jos Ortega Cano By the way
this morning I got a huge scare
because a news story had just come out that
Ortega Cano had visited
the hospital again this morning and suddenly they
sent me a news story that said
Jos Ortega Cano dies at 75 years old and it was another
Jos Ortega Cano also related to
the world of bullfighting my goodness I mean I
thought it was Jos Ortega Cano and I was
even about to start directly about to
start a video What a coincidence
my goodness and also with older ages  or
less similar well The Movida is that
Paky, Antonio David's collaborator, has
been the one who brought up the subject that he was
surprised, let's call it that. A
little bit of the fact that Gloria Camila and
Jos Orteg Canano have never
publicly come out to defend
Antonio David Flores when
everything happened with the documentary. Here, I'm sincerely
going to give you a little opinion and you
know that I don't like to give my
opinion much. Here I try to limit myself to giving my
opinion, there's little point in reporting, but
practically I. I think it's more
than obvious that Gloria Camila gets along
well with Antonio David, they have a
cordial relationship, he's obviously Roco's father.
But on some occasions she has
made some comment that shows
that she doesn't agree with
many things that Antonio
David has done, especially I remember one
specific occasion in which she said that
if she had known the details of
the fight between Antonio Viid Flores and his
father, where Antonio Viid said something
like telling something about how the
adoption was, she would not have had that good
relationship with Antonio David, never, no. and it's
more than obvious that there will be many things
that she will not agree with.  the
things that Antonio David has done to his
sister I think that Gloria Camila It's not
that she's against her sister because of
Antonio David she's against her mana
because of her niece Roco Flores and regarding
the issue of Jos Ortega Cano Well
yes she has made peace with him she has a
cordiality with him but you already know all
the things that Jos Ortega Cano said
to Antonio David in his day then it
's true that Antonio David Well he
says no that he doesn't need anyone to
defend him that justice has defended him
By the way there is a point here of
something that many people have not
understood And that is that there are many people who have
understood what Antonio
David comments that he won a lawsuit against Roso
Carrasco because she sued him for
calling her unfaithful Antonio David comments in
this live that he lost in the first
instance lost in the second and won
in the supreme court well this does not
mean that Roco Carrasco Yes or yes was
unfaithful this means that what
Antonio David said is freedom of expression and
that is based on  truthful veracity does not
have to be true truthfulness is
one thing and objective proven truth
is another but it is true that
accusing someone let's call it
accusing not accusing someone of
infidelity is not accusing them of a crime
infidelity was decriminalized
many years ago therefore it
is not illegal to use someone as an unfaithful person Yes
more or less there is a truthfulness and as I
tell you it is also a bit up to
each person what you consider
infidelity infidelity can be
texting someone talking to
someone flirting and also Anton David
Flores has ended up reproaching
Ortega Cano Good that it is
true that they have never done anything
publicly they have not shown their face as if to
speak out regarding what fell on
Antonio David but nevertheless in the
past on one occasion he did
defend Ortega Cano tooth and nail
This is being reminded of as if
throwing it in his face no Look, I defended you
And you didn't talk to me No  of has
needed help Eh such defense I have not
had it but I have not had it from
anyone I have not needed it because I have
always told the truth I have never been
sued and I have been blamed for something that was
not true I said that Roco
Carrasco was disloyal to me I used the
term unfaithful in a court because I did
not have much control they won me in the
first instance in the second instance I
took it to the supreme court and the
supreme court ruled in my favor that is to
say I have never lied and I have never been
convicted for it that is why I have not
needed any defense because the
defense has been justice itself that has
been the one that has ruled in my favor
always keep an eye on Jorge Javier Vzquez who
has spoken out loud in his
reading blog against Isabel Pantoja you already
know that Jorge Xavier Vzquez does not have a
very good relationship with Isabel Pantoja it did not
end well but he does have one with
isap of the person who was even her best man let's
see some things to highlight
from this blog Although I recommend that you
read it all of course okay I
know  Isabel Pantoja for years
as long as I have been in this
profession and there are quite a few has
sown Chaos and destruction in her path has
used people as stepping stones
to rise In other words she has been trampling on
people to climb she has never taken a
step without interest in between she touched the
sky when she tricked Julian Munoz a
criminal who walked around hanging from
the singer's arm believing himself to be
George cloning if they already had
a stone thrown separately as a couple they were
unbearable they treated people as
if they were their subjects they lived with the
certainty that everyone they stepped on
belonged to them and when they got caught they
ended up in jail on the subject of
Isa Pantoja's virginity No that it is
supposed that they took the girl at 16
years old to take the handkerchief test
almost no in a gynecologist well in several
No because two were refusing Jorge
Javier Remember that Isabel Pantoja
refused read when her son had the
addictions no and the problems with
drugs to go to  that he should enter
a detoxification center for fear that
his drug problems would become public,
always with the fear of
what he will say. I mean, if your son needs help,
what does it matter, not what they say, the
important thing is that he recovers and not that he
goes more and well at the end of the Blog he
starts commenting on the
Broncano program. The truth is that it seems that he
likes it a lot, he doesn't watch it, just like I don't,
because of time, no, and because of schedules. To be
honest, whatever the schedule is, I'm not into it
either, I never have time to
watch programs other than the
ones for the content that I'm going to comment on and hey, well, I think he wants to go, eh, I think Jos Xavier wants to go to the Broncano program. Another opinion that is going viral on social networks is that of my
colleague Micaa Vasco, to whom we
send a kiss and I recommend her
channel. Mica has tiado to ISAP. Micaa
reminds him yapi of all the covers that have been
made of Costa about selling his mother and I
would also affirm that Telec is
scaring people that this is  passing because
they are interested in keeping ISAP happy and
yet Isabel Pantoja not because of the
issue of the Lux operation you already know
that the issue of Lu's operation is a
criminal case, disclosure of
secrets and I don't know how many other things,
bribery was ruled out because a police officer
passed police files to people from
Tele5, police files, medical reports,
a lot of documentation that he
had access to because of his job so that they could
release content mik Vasco has
sentenced all those involved in the
Lux operation to all those who are
making agreements with Tele5 to
forgive them and on this occasion especially
ISAP but I already gave it has
far surpassed what happened to Kiko Rivera and look at that thing
with Kiko Rivera there came a time when it
was truly disgusting she is very
peculiar she is very manipulative the partner you have
isapi you have quite a lot of
misfortune with the partner you
have had I hope she doesn't pass the
National Police exams of
course eh Because within the
police force we would like to have
honest people Eh No no more disasters and Well
I agree  with giving that leaves his
mother alone if she has any problems she should
go to a psychologist that yesterday made it
clear not to the psychologist not to television to
collect everyone making money and everyone
putting pressure on us to see how we do to
close the light operation because I don't know
if you realize the double talk that
telec has according to the characters for
example in the case of Jos Mara
Almoguera putting all the meat on the
grill to see if there is a Reconciliation
with Carmen Borrego Why don't they do the
same with Isapi Tele5 is not interested in her
reconciling with Isabel Pantoja
what they are interested in isapi
becoming the best soldier to
take care of and pressure Isabel Pantoja there is nothing
more than by the way careful and brutal
insinuation by mik Vasco to
Iapi yesterday we were commenting on the
live with Marina the opinion that
Mara del Monte had of who they speculate
could have also been helping
the adoption of Isapi at the time and it is that
the Santa Justa station Mara del
Monte was commenting that she was
completely outraged to have
found out everything that she has found out
through this interview and of
course if everything her
goddaughter says is true it seems very very
serious to her and let's go a lot of fabric she has also
been giving her opinion Yesterday
afternoon on the son solle program and she is
very sad hurt and indignant for having
heard that story from her goddaughter Isapi
claims of course not to know anything about the
events and from the set she sends a harsh
warning to Isabel Pantoja And the thing is that if she had
known things would have been
different my daughter makes
some statements in which she narrates
certain events that impact this
country I think they have impacted
everyone logically she is a person that I
love and me too what
has impacted you the most Maria Well the
suffering when a person that
you love suffers in that way well it
hits you deep it hits you deep So I have
never said anything but I have said and I
reiterate that if what my goddaughter has
told is like that it seems to me the
strongest thing that I have ever heard in my life and I have
heard things eh I think that nobody in this
country has  gone unnoticed to the
statements that that creature has
made I have not spoken for 23 years I will
continue not to speak about anything that has to
do with my private life intimate much
less but I do want because my
heart needs it my heart
needs it I want you to know that I am
here that if you need me I am here as I have
always been the one who has also
been commenting on the situation has
been Raquel boyo you already know that Raquel
boyo is a very close person to the
Pantoja family although it seems that
lately there has been a bit of
distance But well, there has not been
much talk about that subject or at
least what there is has not been clarified
Yes, it is true that Raquel boyo
seems to be a bit detached from the
media she is fighting legally
and you know that lately well she does not
participate much in these contents but it
seems that they have called her on the
phone to know her opinion and
evidently as it could not be
otherwise they have broadcast the call Raquel boyo
makes a bit of a statement defending her
friend Isabel Pantoja who was
once her cousin in law and with whom
has a great price and claims that
things are not entirely as Isapi has told them.
In fact, Raquel Boyo claims
that Isapi should dare to tell things
as they happened, for example, the episode with the
hose. Raquel Boyo says that
episode. Well, of course, it's kind of
true, no more or less, but let him
really tell it. Why did that happen to him? Why did they
treat him like that? Let's see. I really think that
things can't be 100% as
Isapi told them. And I'm sure that in
this whole story there are nuances. The problem
here is that we might never hear the other versions. It's
like he
lived through something that should have
stopped. You can't stop at 15 years old, nothing.
First of all, because you're not in the middle
of the fight. Because out of respect, when
you get to a house, they call you
to come with you and you don't know what's
going on. If I were you, man. Come with me,
my mother called me, don't you see. She's like
crazy, my sister, saying this and
that and that they're fighting and  noaa his
cousin of mine arrives and goes inside and
my son doesn't live what happens there then his
cousin tells him he tells him and that's where what happened happened
and what he doesn't tell She
is that the one who came to stop that situation
was precisely her uncle but the
stories sometimes told in another
way have more Moro and apparently it
wasn't any kind of Limp let's see what can be
brought up a cleaning with a butter I
don't really know how how it was that
she tells it and why it happened that doesn't
mean that it's right but man it
's that she says that they have
cleaned you a hose for virginity
precisely what is it that hurts me Well
look this is being used that a
child who is not involved in anything who was
15 years old at the time and she herself knows that
in addition she was told she is going to sue like
this don't clarify it is that I have not said
anything the others have said yes but you
have kept quiet and my son said clear if
this continues I will sue because in the end they
are making him out to be an abuser sorry
then my son who precisely the
little interview that he has given you have
seen  how respectful he has been there is a
man who is her father who did what he
did to me How is he going to see that
this is done it is that it does not add up at all
when Dulce went on vacation
I was left there and the one who slept in the
room with the girl was me and the one who was
watching the girls all day
because Dulce was not here it was me or do you mean that
you have lived through all that they say that she was
not treated well that she was spoken to
badly that she was allowed many things Even
pampering the way Dulce treated because the one who
treated Dulce the worst in the world was
her what they say is that it is the
adults who treat a girl badly I have
never heard Isabel speak more
about her daughter I have heard Isabel
speak very well of her daughter and adore her
daughter what she says is that Isabel has gone
to a roundabout Where is she left for her
grandson If Laja has an ego for everything that
effectively she did not have a good
relationship with her uncle and with her grandmother root
from Marbella previously I can tell you
that everything was wonderful and I mean after
Marbella you tell me about the appearance of
Juli Muo I have seen that girl laughing and joking with
her grandmother  in the kitchen of
madridla yillar her blood that was not of
her family all that you have not lived that I have
not lived that it seems to me everything is
so regrettable for everything and all of us who
love that family have tried to make
things done in a good way
but it is now at a point that is
unviable everyone has made mistakes and they have
sold out their family especially Raquel
boyo has come out to defend her
son and it is that her son has been
pointed at in all this mess because he
was apparently present when Kiko
Rivera did the hose thing to the
sister Raquel boyo alleges that
evidently her son was accompanying
his cousin was there caught him by the middle
and that at 15 years old he was not going to get involved in
something that was not his and that belonged to
another house By the way the son also
warned with lawsuits some
collaborators As for example against
ngela portero yz above all Raquel boyo
emphasizes that perhaps things
are not as they tell another who has given
her opinion has been to give to miller and has not
held back in being  forceful
against Isa pi who accuses her of doing
all this for money your statements have been much discussed
with the Isa Pantoja issue
who has stood up for her a lot on social
media and there are social media that are
also attacking her for
what she has said about her
Mad clear let's see I think that no family is
affected in any way but there are things that
well that if they can be avoided talking
on television earning money talking
about your mother I mean I can understand that you
've had a really bad time and I'm very sorry
but getting to talk about your mother
didn't happen something similar with your father you did
n't get to talk to me I mean you've
talked about your disagreements with him with
who father
no no no
no By the way I don't know if you remember that a
few days ago I don't know if it was the
previous newscast or in the previous one the
television factory now manufacturers
announced that they were soon going to release something a
project a documentary on the
ten channel Well they've already said what it is in the
end it's not what we thought we
thought it could have to do with
the closure of Slvame or something like
that  the truth is that that also
surprised me a little partly because
that was already done on Netflix it wasn't
done something after and now what else and it's about
a documentary about the
suspicious mu of Sandra Mozarowsky is
a girl who was allegedly the lover of the
king and she got rid of it by jumping off a
balcony something quite suspicious when it was
known that apparently in the autopsy it turned out
that she was 5 months pregnant
curious curious to say the least I know that the
television factory is not going to cut
any hair in making this documentary and in
commenting on everything they have investigated they
also affirm that they have investigated very
deeply and that they have found
many things that could not be found at the time
so sincerely
I am so eager and I I I am
very interested in this documentary the truth is that I think
that we are going to make videos of this case
also on the main channel we will be
waiting in 1977 the very young actress
Sandra Mozart died when she fell from the balcony
of her house while watering the plants they
say that she was in a
relationship with the King of Spain Juan
Carlos I and that the autopsy discovered that
Sandra was 5 months pregnant
and well family Well as you have been
able to see this week has been
dominated by all the news surrounding
ISAP and those harsh statements that
were made about her mother there are people who have
come out to support ISAP and other people
Although less have come out to support the
mother above all not because of ISAP's testimony
as such but because they doubt
that this is the original version for
example Raquel Boyo commented that Isabel
Pantoja daughter well yes she had told
half truths but of course with
the nuances Maybe the story
would change and she didn't tell it in
full no then the
week has been very dominated by that issue yes
we have heard little about Gloria walks
a little bit also about the Campos there
no But mainly I think that the
protagonists on this occasion have been
Los Pantojas los Rivera Pantoj I would not
rule out I don't know what you think
but I would not rule out absolutely not
in fact In my opinion for my
taste he is looking for it and he is spreading
the Pdor IT to see if it works no to
see if it falls but I don't  I would
absolutely rule out seeing
Kiko Rivera on a Friday, no, that
T5 already from time to time he has acted like the
master of raising Beto, no, like he
has raised it and they talk about
Kiko Rivera again and and there it goes no
then family I have said it okay I have
said it in the intro of this video I
will repeat it tomorrow Marina is going to
come strong tomorrow Marina is coming strong I do
n't know what button you have pushed what
button you have pushed that tomorrow Marina
says that besides she has warned me eh Javi
I am going to go all out I don't know if I am going to explode I do
n't know what is going to happen but tomorrow leave me
and I have told her I'll leave you your program no, I
mean obviously the nights with
Marina are called the nights with Marina
esnal because Marina esnal can open up
there apart from us talking about the heart so on the
one hand on the other hand
tomorrow guest very top very top guest
and that I have liked a lot I always feel
that on some occasion maybe she could have made a
mistake in something tomorrow we will
ask her but very
top guest the truth is that I  I'm very
proud of the chat we had the
other day with Pedro Garca Guado I don't know if you've
seen it but I uploaded it to the
main Channel edited you can go there
and enjoy it and I love it I love it I
love the chat we had with Pedro
Garca Guado I think it was a
chat to remember and that we could have spent
4 more hours talking with him
and I think that tomorrow's is going to be a little
different in the sense that well he's a
different type of character But he's also
a character with many years of
experience in the media with many
years in the entertainment sector
who has made many people laugh we're
going to have a great time with him
surely he has many things to
tell us that he doesn't hold back he hasn't
held back and that it's going to
be here on your heart Channel
as always not on your
reference channel subscribe activate
notifications follow me on instagram on
Twitter and on Facebook okay I'll be
there tomorrow morning announcing
who that guest is and I'll see you I think
at 10:30 okay Anyways I
have to confirm with Marina that I have to
meet with her  see what time we
start But it could be at 10:30
10 or 10:30 Okay I'll see you tomorrow and you
'll have a video here until then Goodbye
handsome have a good weekend Oh
[Music]